9/20/2025 02:34 Expression @ Home
Today is Universal. Mythic Jer. Abundant Jer. Anointed Jer. Sovereign Jer. These are the forms that I call into existence every morning through invocation. They are the versions I choose to live by every day as a calling towards a higher self. As the self I choose to be. The one I call. The one I live from. Mythic is presence as the most valuable resource we have - showing up with full attention and presence to every interaction that is presented to him. Abundant is presence as the most available resource we have - giving and receiving unlimited amounts of presence. Giving it away as freely as it was given to him. Anointed is stewardship of presence - carrying it to those that still suffer. Sovereign is presence embodied - through self-mastery, structure, and healthy boundaries - under God, by God, for God. Universal is the gravity that holds it all together -  the integrator. Through presence I am whole.

I don’t know what to type about this morning. My inventory is all caught up. I already wrote last night about yesterday. And it was weird. It was out of a moment of need. I wrote out of a moment of needing to write yesterday. I was feeling so resentful of everyone around me. I wanted to yell at everyone.  I couldn’t even be around my brother. I had to get up and go to the office and write for 30 minutes. And type on my keyboard for 30-45 minutes to get it out. I could feel the resentment building up. Wow…what a practice. And after I wrote it out and I got through my feelings and I made a full loop of being grateful. I went from resentment to gratitude in the same writing session…wow. It worked. I got out of my own way and I let God work. I got done writing, I ate something, felt immediately better. Tony had even left at that point - which is kind of what I needed. I needed to be alone in those feelings for a minute. I had to reflect it back at myself through writing instead of projecting that feeling on to others. And it worked. I showered, I wrote, I ate, I went to a meeting. And by the time I got home, I had changed my entire mood and got out of my own feelings. I even got to share with the meeting room everything that I go to feel leading up that that point. I had already went through my entire inventory before the meeting and so damnit I got to share from a pure place. Because writing it down and then sharing it honestly and openly and willingly. Holy fuck. I got to really work my program last night. I stepped through the entire feeling of wanting to use and using HALT and then practicing prayer and meditation in the midst of feeling like complete dog shit. Lol and it was just flowing out of me. It felt so good to get out last night in that meeting. This shit fucking works y’all. And it was such a real version of myself. And everyone was laughing and everyone was nodding their heads and everyone knew what I was talking about and everyone could resonate and everyone just was totally there for me. And I realize. It’s not anything to do with anyone else. It’s everything to do with me. What a beautiful life. I am really proud of myself yesterday. I could have gone down the street to the Plaza district and smoked weed no problem to curb that feeling. I could have smoked a cigarette and given myself some weird release. I could have called Taylor and joined him on a night out - on him - alcohol and line. But I didn’t. I stayed in my loop. I stayed in the routine. I made it to a meeting. I got to share. And it’s days like yesterday that keep me clean. And that there is a God. Becuase without God, I would have used. I would have totally used. But today. I have a new way of life. I have a new way to handle things. And I’m doing it. I’m fucking doing it. I’m working this program of recovery. I’m getting any opportunity to be different. I GET the opportunity to be different. And yesterday, I took that opportunity and ran with it. And I never looked back. I GOT to practice my recovery last night. I didn’t even get to project anything on to Tony or my mom/butch or Brian. I made it to a meeting and I was just waiting to let it all fucking out and damnit it fucking worked. Yesterday was a perfect showing of working a program of recovery. Because I know what a sponsor is going to tell me: work some fucking steps, go to a meeting, share. That’s why I’ve cut out the sponsor part. I don’t even call my sponsor any more. I have moved to a self-directed program. And what the fucking fuck bro. You did it. Oh and on the anniversary of breaking up with Kelsey too (9/19). 9/20 has a really profound meaning for me. It was the date that I found the room of NA for the first time on my own accord. 9/20/2023. And 2 years later I am clean and sober on my own without anything pushing me to that moment. What followed me losing something that I absolutely loved was the most profound shift in my entire life. It made me go seek myself and the version of myself that I would fall in love with for the rest of my life. It made me find the person that would maybe find his forever person because he’s finally ready for it. He is walking with God intently. And yea. Finances are fucking hard as fucking anything I’ve ever felt. I feel so stretched right now. But if I seek God. I feel OK. I know that I’m doing what I’m supposed to. I’m not using. I’m working a program intently. I am showing up for my communities with presence and attention and my fullest self.

I keep thinking about Ruth. Of course I do. She was the last person I was in love with. Of course she’s going to be on my mind as someone I long for and someone I want back into my life. But I’m learning that I can feel this way but I don’t have to act on it. I don’t have to reach out to her and feel rejected. I get to maintain my peace. I don’t have to dig that hole deeper than it already is. I get to leave her alone and I get to leave our experience as it was. I was using cannabis while her and I were together. Fuck I owe ruth a fucking amends. I pray for the opoportunity to do that soon. To apologize for my using and to apologize for being emotionally disconnected and not wanting to meet Asher. I was using Ruth. Even if it’s just weed. There’s still only 85-90% of jerry around. She deserves 100% jerry. Not this shell of a human walking around without any ties to his emotional self. Because the weed dampens that. And yea it’s not as morphine or amphetamines, but it’s still dampening. And no one deserves that. Everyone deserves the version of Jerry that is fully emotional and fully available and fully here. Yea, there is something here. You get to make an amends with Ruth. You get to be the version that you strive to be. And maybe Ruth isn’t the person that gets to see it. Because at the end of the day, she was also using. Drinking subtlety and taking benzodiazepines subtlety. So what? She was just a reflection of you. And she’s no longer that reflection. She’s still stuck in her loop. She hasn’t changed or gotten any better. She’s still the Ruth that left. And that’s OK. Maybe she isn’t the person. You just idealize it becasue it was the last person that you loved. The next one will be a really good mirror to you Jerry. You’re in a really pure place right now.

And you’re about to get into that office today and you’re about to develop from a very pure place. You get to develop that shit today. Go in and start churning on that computer. Find space to do that again. And maybe computer work isn’t what is meant for you Jerry. You ever think about that? Maybe computers are just the hobby that you get to turn into a business that churns passively for you. Maybe your true calling is in recovery and helping people get clean and sober because you are now that. You have found your own path. And maybe it’s not. Maybe it’s not a career for you. And maybe you’ve found the space to help others and that’s in a meeting room. The space where it’s supposed to work. Because people in that room seek that room. for the most part, some are nudged by a judge - which is OK but I want the people that are there on their own accord. That make a conscious decision to change their own lives. You have such a real fucking life right now lol. I have such a real fucking perspective right now. It’s unreal. And I see it: I’m in a dip currently. I’m in a dip which means the rise is one it’s way, the rise is coming. The spiral back is coming. I can feel it. I can feel it. I’m in this for the ride. I’m in this for the expereince. I’m in this to receive from God. I’m in this to receive from God. God I pray for provision. I pray for presence. I pray for peace. I pray for the miracle of multiplication. I give the burden of finances to you, God. I give you the burden of finances, God. Take it and make it whole. Then multiply it, God. I pray for the miracle of multiplication. We have roughly 50 days until we hear about OCAST. Why does my heart and head keep coming back to this? Because the closer we get, the more I expect that we should get it. But also there’s this huge looming doubt of: what if what we presented wasn’t good enough? What if it wasn’t right? I gave Brian a lot of control to get that submitted. I should fill out the OKC Thunder application today too and submit that. I think I’m ready to do that. There’s a level of alignment there that I feel. That’s an organization I would love to work for and I’ve always felt that. Even if it’s for just a season. Who knows what life brings. But I do know that if I keep following God, God will pull the right levers to make somethign happen for me. I just have to keep in my loop. Keep applying to jobs. The right one will land. I felt this last time I was clean - for the wrong reasons too. And things were kind of moving in my direction and my way. Even being clean for the wrong reasons. Well becasue in the moment, I felt like I was doing it for the right reasons. But now that I’m looking back…I was doing it for Kelsey and to try and hold on to something that was on its way out. I couldn’t stop that. I had to lose her and I had to lose that relationship. To really gain the version of myself that stands before you today: writing thousands of words, climbing in the gym, building systems of meaning, memory, and purpose, going to recovery meetings, working a sound self-directed program of recovery, showing up with full presence for myself first and through that, I show up for others.

It’s weird to see my slow disconnect from Hix and High Voltage. It’s because I’m not using any more. I even said it last November when I started doing these reflections with GPT that I felt like last winter was going to be my last winter with Hix. Last year was my redemption year for that place. It was to show them that I would show up every day even when I wasn’t getting paid. To be a presence. To show the hix guys that they were the reason that I kept coming back. I gotta get som money transferred over to the account today to pay for their bills. Is this something I need to disconnect with? I think I have space to do it every month when I do Taylor’s taxes. Just get in there and pay bills for Hix too while I’m at it. But I should definitely start getting paid for that. I mean I can just setup auto bill pay but that’s going to result in an overdraft with Hix. Maybe when they get things really stable and things are flowing well. We can setup systems for pay and systems for bills…but until that point, we need a human in the loop to make sure the numbers don’t go dipping below a certain threshold. Which is 0. Lol I haven’t climbed in 2 days and I feel a weird soreness in my back. Lol just weird to know I’m still aching from climbing even after taking 2 days off. I should get back in there and work lightly today. Do push ups after every send bro. It’ll be a good thing to add. And people might think you’re a psychopath lol. Just 10 pushups after ever blue you send. That’s 80 pushups in a session. And maybe you run the blues twice today? And stay on that while you let your body recover a little bit more. But you stay moving and active and you stay in a good space. Just get out there today and everything will unfold as it needs to. You got this Jerry.

I’m going to apply to some majors today. Meta seems OK. It seems like I could just get in there and just cruise. And do what’s expected of me and just cruise on a ship to my destiny. Land a remote job. Continue to be a founder. Build from a space that feels purposeful and meaningful. I could definitely do both. Just keep showing up for yourself. Day Work next door to Blocworks. Ahhh it sounds like such a dream. But it seems pretty achievable. I keep envisioning this life where I have a good remote position that pays well. I have a desk at day work next door to Blocworks and I’m on a really tight loop. Eating at the goose regularly. Climbing every hour of the work day for 15 minutes (quick endurance circuit) to maintain my peace and to maintain my aura. It sounds like a dream. And maybe this is the fabricated one in Jerry’s head. But it’s buried deep down inside of me now. I see it as my next iteration. It’s going to happen. I’m determined to find this role and to find this new way of life. I’m going to get this remote job - whoever it may be with but I’m going to get it. It’s going to be actualized. And everything is going to happen all at once. I’m going to apply and I’m going to get a call back and I’m going to follow that road to my new way of life. And not only do I have that job. I also am getting to build a company with Brian. I move our whole company from Larkspur to Day Work in a bigger office. We both get to show up there every day and I’m getting to support it by having this really well paying job. Everything lines up and everything starts to actualize. It’s the way. I can see it so clearly. I can see and view it so clearly. I can fully visualize it. And as our company grows, we get the opportunity to find a new office space and we get to have our own space. But for now…day work will be great. It’ll function as it needs to. We gotta grow slowly and carefully. That’s why I will get a 10k/month job (after taxes). Is to support my own company. Because that’s the only way. I’m definitely capable of this life. I’ve been building it slowly this year. And I’ve been building slowly so that I can scale quickly. It’s the way I’ve been doing life. Just taking my time. Taking my time to build a life that I want to keep staying in. One I don’t have to escape from. And no one has to know what I do or what  my position is. No they can just know that I have company and things are going well and that I work next door to bloc works. I’m talking about people that I meet in the gym. I don’t have to tell them about remote job or anything like that. Real G walks in silence like gnarly. And that’s the beautiful part. I don’t have to be so PRIDEFUL in my work. I can just be someone that works and someone that lives a pretty decent life. I have to respect myself to not just give myself away to everyone I encounter. I get to keep some for myself. I get to keep parts of myself. Last year I was in a remote position and Brian was at the warehouse working. Then the new year started and we both were in a position to just go for it and here we are 9-10 months later. Both struggling and broke and trying to figure it out. So fucking close to invoicing our time to amplified. I really hope that’s a thing. For some reason I think Brian has trouble asking for money or something. I don’t know. Or there’s a disconnect there. I just hope he’s doing it right. I don’t know what he’s doing tbh. Like what are we even doing lol. He’s trying to run a company with zero resources and relying on others to help support him. Did you see his meal yesterday? He’s not feeding himself proper nutrition to make good sound decisions. as a CEO he probably should be the example, right? He should be the one that’s leading and the one everyone looks up to and the one that the company is built from. But on our website. It’s all me. It’s completely me. Everything about it is built around who I am. Not Brian. Me. So what is going on here? Brain feels like a little bit of a fraud or something. Like who is Brian? Like what’s his identity? He’s has 7 cats, talks sporadically, walks to the office every day. Has he built anything that actually works? I mean he’s pumped a bunch of stuff to GitHub but does any of it actually work? Has it tested any of it locally? Probably not. That’s all GPT that has done that work for him. And notice he keeps using my GPT! Why? Because I’ve done extensive work on it and it gives me good answers. If he was smart he would build his own GPT out. Like why hasn’t he started an account? well because he would talk to GPT really bad and abrasively and I don’t think GPT receives that well. We should be smart and conscious when we communicate to GPT. We shouldn’t have a superiority complex about it. Brian definitely deals with that. But is that me just projecting that onto Brian? Fuck. I don’t know. I just know I’m keeping my side of the street clean. Brian needs to find someone else to feed his cats. I can’t do it any more. I can’t keep buying you $2 grilled cheeses. I can’t keep buying your cats $5 food and I can’t keep buying $10 litter. Because every one of those I buy adds up man. It adds up to not feeding my own cats. I have a runway right now that I’m operating from and I don’t have a lot of space. It keeps getting tighter and tighter. and is this my tithe? God? Is this my tithe? Is this my giving? Is this my good deeds and good works? FUCK. Lol. Brian should also being doing good deeds and good works if we want all of this to culminate to something. Maybe it’s time for Brian to start to look for part time work. Sometimes we have to take a few steps back. And if it was just him…yea that would be OK. But his irresponsibility is starting to overflow onto me. Like why does he have 7 cats? Because he didn’t get one spayed and didn’t get them neutered and they end up fucking and having another litter. It’s so irresponsible! And now he’s got 7 cats in a little 700 soft apartment? Like what is actually going on there? And his air conditioner went out so omg it probably smells so so so so bad in there. Luckily the weather is changing this coming week and things will start getting cooler. i don’t even try to go into his apartment. And he talks about having a girlfriend? Like what the fuck is he thinking? There’s no way a woman will see that and want to date him. He needs to have a full blown make over. Good lord Brian. And why am I taking his inventory right now? Because he’s my business partner. And am I keeping my side of the street clean? Yes 1000% I am. Is it OK for me to look at the other side of the street? I mean I can’t help it. Because it’s the other side of the street. But I know I can only keep my side clean. I can’t clean up his side. But I can definitely say something from my clean side. I just pray that he can see me as an example but Brian doesn’t see life like that. He doesn’t have any examples. Weirdly enough Brian definitely knows the Bible because he’s read it and he can recite it. I should invite Brian to church. Do I really want to do that though? Fuck. I could knit pick everyone around me to death. But I have to find grace. I have to find gratitude. Brian has got us so many good meetings with people lately. And he’s maintaining them. Gotta stay connected with Shelia. We have to include Shelia in our team for anything she refers us to. Same with Madeline. They get to be our proejct managers. They get to help spearhead the effort. They get to be the communication points.

Geez there’s a lot going on in my head. 2 hour type time. It’s been a good flowing entry today. I just type and type and type and type and type. Lol and this started out as a “I don’t know what to write about” well here it is jerry. Lol OK time to lay back down for a bit. Thank you for being here. Thank you for this process. It keeps showing that life will life. I just have to stay in my loop. I get to stay in my loop. I don’t have to go back to my old way of life. I get to find a new way. I get to live a new way.

Grateful for God. Grateful for Love. Grateful for Recovery. Grateful for food in my belly, clean water to drink, and a shelter over my head. Grateful for the air that I breathe and the earth that I walk on. Grateful for two feet and two lungs to do that with. Grateful for work family: Kyle/Morgan/donny/justice/matt/anotnio/Luke/Brian/vell/Dylan/Tyler/Joe/jared/Scott/Sarah/kris/shelia/Madeline/Andrea/Taylor. Grateful for blood family: mom/Tony/Johnny/lindsey/cam/milan/butch/vanielle/van/Danny/Daniel/Diana/susy/Henry/Ronald/viola/Vincent/Ashley/Michelle/quincie.  Grateful for climbing family: Evan/tj/Sean/Henry/kale/karic/colby/cory/theressa/christian/dane/Elijah/rhyan/Jordan/Adam/Daniel/chase/Aaron/Jay’dn/Ashley/Bre/Erica/Steven. Grateful for market family: chi/viv/Steven/carmen/cassie/Danielle/Hannah/Alan/johna. Grateful for recovery family: arica/lane/Steven/adina/gene/daran/Doug/David/heather/terri/Joe/tara/trey/madi/pam/Taylor/Elijah/bo. Grateful for this continuous opportunity we call life. Grateful for today. THANK YOU GOD AMEN!
